OpenWRT AHT9k 5ghz LibreRouter Antenna Tests (#124)
tomeshnet/documents: technical/20190607-ath9k-test.md

---

> title: OpenWRT AHT9k 5ghz LibreRouter Antenna Tests

Reviewer: Should we have MR16 in the name?

location: Toronto
attendees: 8

> date: 2018-05-30

Reviewer: This is not the same date as the filename. The filename should also have an underscore after date.

---

# Overview

This document summarizes a series of tests on a Meraki MR16 OpenWRT access point running an ATH9k integrated 5Ghz radio.  connected to the LibreRouter's 12 dBi antenna. The Meraki devices are aquireable due to their licensing model making their resale value very low.  This test was done to mirror a similar test using the LibreRouter tests done last year to be able to compair the results.

> Since the MR16 board is a low end processor, the test did not use any encryption.

Reviewer: Like WPA2 or you mean cjdns? Please specify.

![LibreRouter's 12 dBi antenna](../images/20180530_hpm5g-radio-tests2.jpg?raw=true)

Our key findings are as follows:

> - The radio and antenna combo creates stable links over hundreds of metres at 100 Mbps.  This is lower then last years test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The radio and antenna combo creates stable links over hundreds of metres at 100 Mbps.  This is lower than last year's test.
```

Last year's test on what?

> - The radio Power TX is difficult to control.  Tests where done only at 19dBm vs  26 dBm of last years. There may be firmware patches that could correct these issues.

Reviewer: >Tests `where` done

Please do a spell check and grammar run across doc before resubmitting.
